I am thinking that I should follow idiomatic way of writing Go code via the usage of Effective Go:
https://golang.org/doc/effective_go

I am going to follow "The Net Ninja" Golang series for the language fundamentals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etSN4X_fCnM&list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gC88BEo9czgyS72A3doDeM

Also Caleb Doxsey's Go Lang Book for Language Fundamentals
https://www.golang-book.com/books/intro

100 Days of Code:
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/100-days-of-code-a-complete-guide-for-beginners-and-experienced/
I am following the 100 days of code beginner model for Learning Golang, DS and Algos and Problem Solving in general.
My 100 days will end on 26th September 2021.

Day 1 (18 June 2021):
Language Introduction
Format Specifiers
List Types - Arrays and Slices

Day 2 (19 June 2021):
Functions with Closures - Higher Order functions
Loops

I think I could have achieved more today. Today's day was a bust.
If I continue at this pace, my 100 days would be futile especially if I am at such a pace during weekend.
I expected to be more speedy during the weekend.
I'll improve it by being more targeted.

Day 3 (20 June 2021):
Functions with Multiple return values
Functions and Variables with global scope in Package
Maps - Associative arrays

I felt terrible about today again, since my time was wasted in other things.

Day 4 (21 June 2021):
Pass by Value and Pass by Reference Types
Pointers
Structs

I feel good today overall, since my topics covered today were good, also I bought a new phone for my sister today.

Day 5 (22 June 2021):
Struct Methods(Receiver Functions)
Pointer Receiver Functions

I feel terrible again today for my progress. I wasted a lot of time. I am facing problems with consistency.
I read that consistency is the key for exponential success. So I am going to continue to work regardless of me losing interest.
Since I have decided that I am going to put myself through shit and come out stronger.
But a few pointers though. I have decided to not watch youtube since it wastes a lot of my time.
Also not to watch political content or have political conversations, since they are futile for me now.
Also stop reading rich or famous people, since, I know all they did was worked hard and they got success.
It's my time now to work hard and achieve exponential success.

Day 6 (23 June 2021):
User Input
Function Ordering
Usage of pointers and different packages
CLI Billing program
Save contents to a file
Interfaces
Net Ninja's Series completion
Started reading Caleb Doxsey's book

I worked on my day job today for 2 hours. Then worked on this repo. I am still facing focus issues. I am able to do only one thing well at a time.
I need to develop the habit of working on two projects through the same day.
I need to work on my day job with full focus, also work on this repo with full focus after my day job hours.

Day 7 (24 June 2021):
Commenced on Stephen Grider's Course

The struggle that lies in front of me now, is that should I become good in data structures and algorithms or good in web application development. Since both are important and vital to a developer.

Becoming good in DS and Algos(DSA) is my dream since college. It will be a badge of honor for me. Since it'll give me the confidence that I am able to solve tough problems through programming. It'll improve my logic and it'll help me with my problem solving skills and thus make me a good problem solver, hence, a Better Engineer. It will also help me rid off the fear of switching and coding in multiple languages, since you can write same DS and Algos in different languages. DSA will help me to write more efficient code but currently I can manage to solve problems with Brute force approach. Becoming good in DSA will help me increase my prospects in switching my company from a small to a big tech company. It will help to get a leap in my payscale, but it might drive me into a niche of Front End development.

Launching and sucessfully running my own company is my lifetime's dream. Becoming good in web application development will help me become a full stack developer and I will thus be able to develop my own applications independently. Thus making me self reliant. It can help me to launch my own company if I am able to develop applications on my own. Web App development will require me to grab knowledge of Databases and Back End development which might require more time than 100 days. So, maybe my timelines will be distorted if I follow this.

But in the long term both of the things are very important and dear to me. It's my dream to launch my own company. It's my dream to become a great problem solver. I will have to choose which one to pick right now, then I can shift my focus to the other one after the first is done.

Realistically speaking, I might not be able to launch my company if I don't have the confidence that I can't solve tough problems. I can't be reliant on my employees forever to solve all the problems for me. In short I can launch my company after I am good in DSA and Problem solving. But it can't happen the other way around. I can't launch my company and after it become better at DSA and Problem Solving. The company might shut down if I follow this approach. So, I think I have arrived to my solution to be first good at DSA and Problem Solving, then I can switch on to application development.

I will have to execute another 100 days habit for Application Development. So, my next target will be "100 days of Application Development" after my current 100 days are done.

I feel disgusted today since I didn't code today. Just watched basic lecture videos.

Day 8 (25 June 2021):
Stephen Grider's lectures

I was not in a mood again today. I need to get over with my emotional fluctuations.

Day 9 (26 June 2021):
Stephen Grider's lectures
Nic Raboy's lectures

Today, I didn't work on Golang at all. Instead I was busy creating a full stack application which my brother needs for business. Altough I didn't work on Golang today, I don't feel terrible or disgusted, since, I worked on other things today.
Such as creating my first Express app. My first Protected Routes in a React App. Making Front End and Back End interact with each other from scratch. I will continue to work on his application tomorrow as well. Since I have got a lot of ground to cover.
I will sit on Golang for an hour now however, since I know consistency is the key to exponential success. If I quit now, I would wish like a year from now that I shouldn't have stopped. So, I'm not going to stop. I am going to grow exponentially.

Day 10 (27 June 2021):
Stephen Grider's lectures
